Adding tutorial on using compressed Zarr (#32)
acquire-project/acquire-docs: docs/tutorials/compressed.md

config.video[0].camera.settings.shape = (1024, 768)

# Set the max frame count
config.video[0].max_frame_count = 100 # collect 100 frames

# Set the output file to out.zarr
config.video[0].storage.settings.filename = "out.zarr"

# Update the configuration with the chosen parameters 
config = runtime.set_configuration(config) 
```
## Inspect Acquired Data

Now that the configuration is set to utilize the `ZarrBlosc1ZstdByteShuffle` storage device, we can acquire data, which will be compressed before it is stored to `out.zarr`. Since we did not specify the size of chunks, the data will be saved as a single chunk that is the size of the image data. You may specify chunk sizes using the `TileShape` class. For example, using `acquire.StorageProperties.chunking.tile.width` to set the width of the chunks.

```python
# acquire data
runtime.start()
runtime.stop()
```
We'll use the [Zarr Python package](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to read the data in `out.zarr` file. 
```python
# We'll utilize the Zarr python package to read the data
import zarr

# load from Zarr
compressed = zarr.open(config.video[0].storage.settings.filename)
```

> We'll print some of the data properties to illustrate how the data was compressed. Since the data was stored as a single chunk, `out.zarr` will only have one top level group `"0"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll print some of the data properties to illustrate how the data was compressed. Since we have not enabled [multiscale](link to tutorial?) output, `out.zarr` will only have one top level array`"0"`.

```

Author: Let's go ahead and merge this with that placeholder. I am keeping track of what final revisions will be needed before the docs are ready for internal review/launch, and I have added an item about adding internal links. [Here is the issue ](https://github.com/acquire-project/acquire-docs/issues/29) for tracking that work.

# Set the storage to ZarrBlosc1ZstdByteShuffle to avoid saving the data
config.video[0].storage.identifier = dm.select(acquire.DeviceKind.Storage, "ZarrBlosc1ZstdByteShuffle")

# Set the time for collecting data for a each frame
config.video[0].camera.settings.exposure_time_us = 5e4  # 50 ms

config.video[0].camera.settings.shape = (1024, 768)

# Set the max frame count
config.video[0].max_frame_count = 100 # collect 100 frames

# Set the output file to out.zarr
config.video[0].storage.settings.filename = "out.zarr"

# Update the configuration with the chosen parameters 
config = runtime.set_configuration(config) 
```
## Inspect Acquired Data

Now that the configuration is set to utilize the `ZarrBlosc1ZstdByteShuffle` storage device, we can acquire data, which will be compressed before it is stored to `out.zarr`.

```python
# acquire data
runtime.start()
runtime.stop()
```
We'll use the [Zarr Python package](https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to read the data in `out.zarr` file. 
```python
# We'll utilize the Zarr python package to read the data
import zarr

# load from Zarr
compressed = zarr.open(config.video[0].storage.settings.filename)
```

> INSERT explanation of zarr group hierarchy. 

Reviewer: 👀

Author: Added some copy to explain the expected hierarchy
